Yes, I know you will be busy on the dev team,
but do not neglect your product owner.
They may need some tender loving care, and their role,
to me, is the most important role.
Let's face it.
They are the customer, and you have no requirements or priorities without them.
Now the product owner may say I am too busy.
I just don't have the time.
Without their input, you're stuck.
Go meet with them face to face, and strategize on how you can help them.
Gathering and aggregating requirements can be challenging,
so product owners may not have the business analysis skills or
any additional staff to perform that function.
In one scenario I was involved with,
the IT department provided analysts in the business units to help
the product owners gather and document requirements and to help them
write user stories in a consistent way.
Limited time to participate in planning.
Remember, they need to be in the project planning meetings,
release planning, and sprint planning activities,
as well as demonstrations.
They must be for the project to be a success.
The product owner role may be stressful and challenging for the product owners,
especially regarding not just time management,
but also that they may be new to Agile and Scrum.
Many times,
they are still doing their normal job in addition to being the product owner.
Partner with your product owner.
Be available for any questions, problems,
or issues they are having in doing their job as the product owner.
Be well prepared to offer not only assistance to the product owner,
but have your release and sprint planning activities well
prepared to save them as much time as possible.
Don't burden your product owner with any unnecessary work.
After each demonstration, provide immediate feedback.
So take notes, good notes,
and provide all of the product owner's feedback back
to the product owner and your team, of course,
after the meeting, in writing, with ideas and options as well. This saves them time and is very professional.